Today I'm showing you how I go from this
to this. First I my face to wake up to
deeppuff tighten and bring that natural
glow. Then tap it dry. Next is my Olive
Va corrective eye serum. Get rid of the
fine wrinkles around my eyes. Then I use
the toner from Santa Va. Then I use
Santa Vera's probiotic drops. I massage
every step into my skin for the face to
lift and for the product also to be
absorbed well. After that, I use
Bakuhill drops and natural alternative
for retinol. Then, SOS skin barrier from
Tawa 28 makes me so glowy and soft. I do
face cupping. I use a bigger cup for the
bigger parts of my face and a smaller
cup for around the eyes. Is like a
lymphatic drainage for your face. I
finish everything up with sunscreen. I
use the one from Dermalogica. Not
greasy, not flaky. You will not have
breakouts. I start with my makeup. I'm
using the eye corrector from Charlotte
Tilbury in the shade fair. I tap it
under my eye into my Nazol Libby folds.
Then I use another eye corrector that is
way more light. I use a sponge to tap it
in. Then I do my eyebrows with the bare
brow gel. Brush it up for my lips. A
lifter liner from Maybelline shade 06.
Then the smart fusion lipstick. Then
pocket brush from road. I use it on my
lips, on my cheeks, and on my nose.
Sometimes I like to use mascara. Most of
the time I like myself better without. I
just use a lash curler and for the inner
corners of my eyes, white eyeliner. And
to finish my all-time favorite Too Faced
lip injection, my daily day look. That's
it.